The snow glows white on the mountain tonight Not a footprint to be seen A kingdom of isolation And it looks like I'm the queen The wind is howling like this swirling storm inside Couldn't keep it in, heaven knows I've tried Don't let them in, don't let them see Be the good girl you always have to be Conceal, don't feel, don't let them know Well, now they know Let it go, let it go Can't hold it back anymore Let it go, let it go Turn away and slam the door I don't care what they're going to say Let the storm rage on The cold never bothered me anyway Let it go, let it go Can't hold it back anymore Let it go, let it go Turn away and slam the door Let it go (go, go, go go, go go, go go, go, go, go go) Let it go Let it go Let it go It's funny how some distance makes everything seem small And the fears that once controlled me can't get to me at all It's time to see what I can do To test the limits and break through No right, no wrong, no rules for me I'm free Let it go, let it go I am one with the wind and sky Let it go, let it go You'll never see me cry Here I stand and here I stay Let the storm rage on My power flurries through the air into the ground My soul is spiraling in frozen fractals all around And one thought crystallizes like an icy blast I'm never going back, the past is in the past Let it go The cold never bothered me anyway Let it go, let it go And I'll rise like the break of dawn Let it go, let it go That perfect girl is gone Here I stand in the light of day Let the storm rage on
The window is open! So's that door! I didn't know they did that anymore! Who knew we owned eight thousand salad plates? For years I've roamed these empty halls Why have a ballroom with no balls? Finally they're opening up the gates! There'll be actual real live people It'll be totally strange But wow! Am I so ready for this change 'Cause for the first time in forever There'll be music, there'll be light! For the first time in forever I'll be dancing through the night Don't know if I'm elated or gassy But I'm somewhere in that zone! 'Cause for the first time in forever I won't be alone I can't wait to meet everyone! What if I meet. The one? Tonight, imagine me gown and all Fetchingly draped against the wall The picture of sophisticated grace Ooh! I suddenly see him standing there A beautiful stranger, tall and fair I wanna stuff some chocolate in my face! But then we laugh and talk all evening Which is totally bizarre Nothing like the life I've lead so far! For the first time in forever There'll be magic, there'll be fun! For the first time in forever I could be noticed by someone And I know it is totally crazy To dream I'd find romance But for the first time in forever At least I've got a chance! Don't let them in Don't let them see Be the good girl You always have to be Conceal Don't feel Put on a show Make one wrong move And everyone will know But it's only for today It's only for today! It's agony to wait It's agony to wait! Tell the guards to open up the gate! The gate! For the first time in forever Don't let them in, don't let them see I'm getting what I'm dreaming of! Be the good girl you always have to be A chance to change my lonely world Conceal A chance to find true love! Conceal, don't feel Don't let them know I know it all ends tomorrow So it has to be today! 'Cause for the first time in forever For the first time in forever Nothing's in my way!
Okay, can I just, say something crazy? I love crazy! All my life has been a series of doors in my face And then suddenly I bump into you I was thinking the same thing! ‘Cause like I've been searching my whole life to find my own place And maybe it's the party talking or the chocolate fondue But with you But with you I found my place I see your face And it's nothing like I've ever known before! Love is an open door! Love is an open door! Love is an open door! With you! With you! With you! With you! Love is an open door I mean it's crazy What? We finish each other's Sandwiches! That's what I was gonna say! I've never met someone Who thinks so much like me! Jinx! Jinx again! Our mental synchronization Can have but one explanation You And I Were Just Meant to be! Say goodbye Say goodbye To the pain of the past We don't have to feel it anymore! Love is an open door! Love is an open door! Life can be so much more! With you! With you! With you! With you! Love is an open door Can I say something crazy? Will you marry me? Can I say something even crazier? Yes!
Elsa? Do you want to build a snowman? Come on, let's go and play! I never see you anymore Come out the door It's like you've gone away We used to be best buddies And now we're not I wish you would tell me why! Do you want to build a snowman? It doesn't have to be a snowman Go away, Anna Okay, bye Do you want to build a snowman? Or ride our bike around the halls? I think some company is overdue I've started talking to The pictures on the walls! It gets a little lonely All these empty rooms Just watching the hours tick by (tick-tock tick-tock tick-tock tick-tock) Elsa, please I know you're in there People are asking where you've been They say, "have courage" and I'm trying to I'm right out here for you Just let me in We only have each other It's just you and me What are we gonna do? Do you want to build a snowman?
Born of cold and winter air And mountain rain combining This icy force both foul and fair Has a frozen heart worth mining So cut through the heart, cold and clear Strike for love and strike for fear See the beauty, sharp and sheer Split the ice apart! And break the frozen heart Hyup! Ho! Watch your step! Let it go! Hyup! Ho! Watch your step! Let it go! Beautiful! Powerful! Dangerous! Cold! Ice has a magic, can't be controlled Stronger than one! Stronger than ten! Stronger than a hundred men! Hyup! Born of cold and winter air And mountain rain combining! This icy force both foul and fair Has a frozen heart worth mining! Cut through the heart, cold and clear! Strike for love and strike for fear! There's beauty and there's danger here Split the ice apart! Beware the frozen heart...
