All those days watching from the windows All those years outside looking in All that time never even knowing Just how blind I've been Now I'm here blinking in the starlight Now I'm here suddenly I see Standing here it's all so clear I'm where I'm meant to be And at last I see the light And it's like the fog has lifted And at last I see the light And it's like the sky is new And it's warm and real and bright And the world has somehow shifted All at once everything looks different Now that I see you All those days chasing down a daydream All those years living in a blur All that time never truly seeing Things, the way they were Now she's here shining in the starlight Now she's here suddenly I know If she's here it's crystal clear I'm where I'm meant to go And at last I see the light And it's like the fog has lifted And at last I see the light And it's like the sky is new And it's warm and real and bright And the world has somehow shifted All at once everything is different Now that I see you Now that I see you
Seven a.m., the usual morning lineup Start on the chores and sweep 'till the floor's all clean Polish and wax, do laundry, and mop and shine up Sweep again, and by then it's like 7:15 And so I'll read a book Or maybe two or three I'll add a few new paintings to my gallery I'll play guitar and knit And cook and basically Just wonder when will my life begin? Then after lunch it's puzzles and darts and baking Paper mache, a bit of ballet and chess Pottery and ventriloquy, candle making Then I'll stretch, maybe sketch, take a climb Sew a dress! And I'll reread the books If I have time to spare I'll paint the walls some more I'm sure there's room somewhere And then I'll brush and brush And brush and brush my hair Stuck in the same place I've always been And I'll keep wanderin' and wanderin' And wanderin' and wonderin' When will my life begin? And tomorrow night The lights will appear Just like they do on my birthday each year What is it like Out there where they glow? Now that I'm older Mother might just Let me go
You want to go outside? Why, Rapunzel! Look at you, as fragile as a flower Still a little sapling, just a sprout You know why we stay up in this tower I know but That's right, to keep you safe and sound, dear Guess, I always knew this day was coming Knew that soon you'd want to leave the nest Soon, but not yet But Shh! Trust me, pet Mother knows best Mother knows best Listen to your mother It's a scary world out there Mother knows best One way or another Something will go wrong, I swear Ruffians and thugs, poison ivy, quicksand Cannibals and snakes, the plague No! Yes! But Also large bugs Men with pointy teeth, and Stop, no more, you'll just upset me Mother's right here Mother will protect you Darling, here's what I suggest Skip the drama Stay with mama Mother knows best Got ahead, get trampled by a rhino Go ahead, get mugged and left for dead! Me, I'm just your mother, what do I know? I only bathed, and changed, and nursed you Go ahead and leave me, I deserve it Let me die alone here, be my guest! When it's too late, you'll see, just wait Mother knows best Mother knows best Take it from your mumsy On your own, you won't survive Sloppy, underdressed, immature, clumsy Please, they'll eat you up alive Gullible, naive, positively grubby Ditzy and a bit, well, hmm, vague Plus, I believe gettin' kinda chubby I'm just saying 'cause I love you Mother understands Mother's here to help you All I have is one request Rapunzel? Yes? Don't ever ask to leave this tower again Yes, mother I love you very much, dear I love you more I love you most Don't forget it You'll regret it Mother knows best
Flower, gleam and glow Let your power shine Make the clock reverse Bring back what once was mine Heal what has been hurt Change the Fates' design Save what has been lost Bring back what once was mine What once was mine
